hi today I'm gonna play this game why do
you keep asking me questions I don't
know these answers how to fix an
upside-down computer screen oh it's
quite a complicated procedure that's
going to require a complete hardware
really Asian and correct pinout topology
now look it's not quite that easy but
it's not quite that complicated either
well if it's upside-down of course the
easiest way would be just to turn it
right-side up but with today's monitors
especially flat panel monitors they have
the ability to rotate the screen this is
very helpful in case you would like to
turn your monitor and see something long
ways you're able to rotate the image up
to 360 degrees however if you should
come in and find that your image is
upside down typically it's a very easy
process of going to your control panels
or your system preferences selecting the
display and look for the selection that
says rotate here you'll see that you can
actually rotate your screen 90 180 or
270 degrees it should be a simple matter
of actually just selecting the rotation
that you want notice now that I have
rotated the image 90 degrees I can turn
my flat panel monitor 90 degrees and see
my documents lengthwise on older CRT
monitors it's very rare but still
occasionally you'll find one that has an
upside-down image typically a pen in the
cable has become dislodged or broken off
and this might be the very pin that
sends information to orient the screen
typically the way to fix this is to
simply buy a new cable on the worst of
occasions you might need a new graphics
card however over the past few years
this has become almost completely
non-existent as a problem in the
computer world so if you come in some
day and you've got an upside down screen
and it's not you or the monitor that's
upside down hey look in the control
panels or
system preferences and very likely
you're going to find one small
adjustment that's going to allow you
with one click to put the image
right-side up again but hey don't take
my word for it read the flippin manual